When a disaster struck in the north of the country,
we immediately answered the call for help.
Seeing our brothers and sisters in need was heartbreaking.
But what really touched our heart was this spirit
of the local brothers and sisters.
They were like the Macedonians.
They didn't have much,
but they gave generously from the heart.
When we got home,
Madeline and I resolved to show the same kind of spirit.
First, our appreciation led us to review
our contribution to the worldwide work.
I've come up with this figure.
Is this right?
Yes.
That's just natural.
We looked for ways to be generous to those around us.
We discovered that we had the means to give more,
so we didn't hold back.
And then our congregation was invited to help with a special preaching campaign.
I think we could do a bit more.
Could we push ourselves a bit further?
I'd really like to.
It was within our power to help.
And that's exactly what we did.
I'm bringing too much.
No, of course not.